Publication 20250413 (#124)
yayoi-chi/yaya-world: content/en/news/2025/stream-recap-13-apr.org

#+TITLE: Stream Recap: 13 Apr
#+DATE: 2025-04-13T13:58:48-07:00
#+DRAFT: false
#+DESCRIPTION:
#+TAGS[]: stream recap news
#+KEYWORDS[]:
#+SLUG:
#+SUMMARY: No art stream this week, but we did reveal a new outfit! Other than that, it was a good week of game streams. We found out that Aneeta Job doesn't need that same job, and we got her something new to do. We also had some fun with event quests in Wuthering Waves, and even finished the castle in Persona 5 Royal. See, not a bad week!

* Birthday Stream

> Because it was my birthday this week, I decided not to do an art stream so we could still manage to get some Persona 5 Royal. We celebrated my birthday with some fun questions for chat and I also revealed a new outfit that I'll be using far more often than the last one! I think it might have been a bit shorter than an art stream, but it was still fun.

Reviewer: missing participle?
```suggestion
Because it was my birthday this week, I decided not to do an art stream so we could still manage to get in some Persona 5 Royal. We celebrated my birthday with some fun questions for chat and I also revealed a new outfit that I'll be using far more often than the last one! I think it might have been a bit shorter than an art stream, but it was still fun.
```

#+begin_export html
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/N2zGl-7nnG8?si=aw5LD9QggBDoz7Z9" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
#+end_export
** Xenosaga Episode 2
More fun in the fortress ship that decided it was a good idea to park itself between two black holes! We beat one boss, but there are a lot of puzzles in this dungeon and we may have backtracked more often than I care to admit. Still, we did make progress!
#+begin_export html
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/PMJEu9ca8vE?si=BydUlx7m4ixh1V3J" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
#+end_export
** Neptunia: Sisters vs Sisters

> Story is moving along nicely! We finished up with Leanbox and Vert is now on our side. We headed off to Lestation, but I'm a bit worried about Noire. Seems things were rough with her. Of course, sometimes Uni can be a little self-centered and that doesn't help, but is it really wrong to want just a little attention from the sister you admire? In her hear Uni is a good girl though, she'll always love her sister!

Reviewer: doesn't make sense. maybe this is what you were going for?
```suggestion
Story is moving along nicely! We finished up with Leanbox and Vert is now on our side. We headed off to Lestation, but I'm a bit worried about Noire. Seems things were rough with her. Of course, sometimes Uni can be a little self-centered and that doesn't help, but is it really wrong to want just a little attention from the sister you admire? In her defense Uni is a good girl, she'll always love her sister!
```
